[Music]
Excuse me, teacher, I want to ask you about
my love life. I'm in love with a close friend
of my ex-boyfriend. We've been
together for 6 months, but he's
very flirtatious. While we're dating,
he still flirts with other girls. I've
broken up with him many times, but when he gets
tired of those girls, he comes back to
apologize. I've told him many times, but
he says, "That's just how I am, it's hard to change, you need time." So
what should I do about this situation, and
how can I know if he truly loves me?
Thank you, teacher. Honestly,
I think that after
6 months of dating, the ups and downs seem
quite complicated. It's
possible that this is a
very sensitive topic, especially
when you're in a relationship and you encounter a
partner who is
flirtatious and unfaithful. I
really hope you can share your thoughts, not
only with the person asking this question but also with others.
People in situations like this,
can they find a solution?
Yes, I invite you, teacher. Ladies and gentlemen,
if your lover is
nobody interested in you, you'd think it's
strange, that your lover is worthless,
yet so many people like them. It's so
frustrating. So, usually,
when someone has a lover, they
want their lover to be a little beautiful, a little
polite, a little popular.
But then, deep down, they
tell themselves, "I only want my
lover to like me."
Looking at it from a psychological perspective,
it's very contradictory. So,
if your lover is the
most beautiful, the most talented, and everyone praises them, saying, "
You're so
lucky to have such a lover," then of
course, people will compete for them.
That person must be valuable, you know. So,
to find out,
my heart is also contradictory. So, let's
go back to the question: this guy is a
philanderer, he loves one girl
and then goes on to love another.  When another woman sees
someone slightly better, they leave this one for the other, and so on and so forth until they get
bored and
return to the old one. This is
called infidelity. Now, according to my
understanding of Buddhism, I
explain it this way: there are several types of
karma in love. Some
people are lustful, meaning they only crave lust. Some are
very lustful,
regardless of gender. They
only crave lust and don't care
whether the person is beautiful or not;
they just want to satisfy their lust and quickly
forget about other partners.
For
example, if they find something new,
they leave the old one. So, it's
common for husbands and wives to see their husbands going out
with different women, or wives going out with different men.
That's what
lustful people are like. Then there's the person who is attracted to
beauty, meaning they follow anyone they
see who is beautiful. And then there's the
person who is
called...  Living in a world where loyalty
means valuing love and
morality,
only those who value virtue
will remain faithful for a
long time. Those who are lustful or
promiscuous will change very
quickly. Therefore, a loyal person will often
choose a
woman who is good inside rather than just outwardly attractive. That is, if they
see a woman who is virtuous, they
don't care about her appearance; they wo
n't be too concerned.
If she's not attractive,
they'll tell her to
take care of her looks, buy
clothes, or work together to
overcome her flaws. The
man, the
husband, will be considered ideal. They
like the woman who is promiscuous,
but even a
woman who is promiscuous has her
advantages. Even if the man is lustful or
promiscuous,
he will eventually return.  Regarding this flirtatious woman,
the flirtatious one is still
the winner. But what about the
case where this guy goes from one
girl to another, then
back to the old one? If he marries her, it'll be the same;
he'll like
one girl and then get bored, and
his life will be very miserable. So, for
this philandering guy, he's a lecher,
so he'll go looking for all sorts of beautiful women
and can't control
himself. Even when he's with his girlfriend, he
might readily look at other girls
and might even flirt with
pretty girls
in front of him. Any wife who
marries such a husband will suffer greatly,
and their family wo
n't be stable because
he doesn't live by his inner self,
only by his outward appearance.
Such a person can't give
you a good life
because he'll squander your assets and money on other
women. So, according to you,
what about men with this kind of personality?  This kind of man
must also realize the danger of being
seduced by a woman's beauty, losing all his possessions
and career. Because of this, he will lose everything.
He
will forget his parents, his
career, because the "beauty trap" is only for those who are attracted to beauty. Those who are attracted to beauty will die because of this trap. Anyone
who is
attracted to beauty will lose their career, their
family, their parents – everything. If these
men are attracted to beauty, they will die because of it.
But those who are attracted to lust are often
just deceived, trapped, or tricked,
but it will be less disastrous. A man who is
faithful in love
will know if his wife isn't good enough and will
make demands for her to
change. A man who values ​​a
woman's virtue and character
will find happiness for himself
and bring joy to his life.  Good fortune will come to the
family, bringing happiness to parents
and a good career. So,
girls shouldn't get involved with this kind of person
for long because even if you give him time to gradually let go, he wo
n't be able to.
This person needs to
completely change his character and realize what he wants in
life, what he wants to
build in life.
He needs parents, a
career, a home, and obedient children.
This person will find it difficult to
build all of that. That's
my opinion. Yes, ma'am, could you share a
little about the types of relationships?
I see that nowadays, many young people have a concept of one-night stands. One-night stands seem
quite similar to those who are
lustful. I would like to
ask you, ma'am, what about those people?
Because many young people think that
one-night stands are very normal and
not a problem at all.  That's because it
's imported from Western culture, it's
a cultural import. So, I'd like to
ask you, teacher, what kind of karma are people sowing when they
have one-
night stands like this?
And
what causes them to fall
into this state of liking
one-night stands so quickly? I'd like to
ask you, teacher,
first of all, I'm not going to talk about
karma yet, but I'm going to talk about the
dangers. The dangers of such people are that they often get
diseases. Because when girls are
promiscuous, it's firstly,
for money, and secondly, for revenge.
Because I myself saw in my
old neighborhood, there was a girl, I
don't know if
she had AIDS or not, but
this guy in my neighborhood, he loved her
and after
spending the night together,
he got
infected, and this girl also gave him a lot of...
Many
guys have one-night stands like that, and it's spreading
widely, and then he dies. It's
so sad that it was his first love, so it's very
painful. So, I also think that if
you keep liking
one-night stands, you're not talking about karma, but the
danger will come to your life.
Because who goes into a relationship and
gets tested for HIV? Right? It's
very
dangerous. The last days of your life will be very painful because if this disease develops,
your parents, siblings, and
relatives will be the first to suffer the consequences. That's the
first situation. Now,
I'll talk about karma.
Anyone who is so lustful will face
consequences in this life.
If you continue like this, it will be very
painful. So, I hope you
won't be obsessed with one-night stands. Yes,
that's a
very sincere sharing because...  Now,
because of the current
cultural situation, in this open era,
cultural exchange is very
normal in all
countries. Therefore, there are both
good cultures and cultures
that are not really good. So, I hope that
you all, when you come here, will try
your best to find things that are
authentic and ensure a
happy life for
yourselves
[music].